[self-introduction video](https://youtu.be/NV-H6si_vvM)

Hi everyone, my name is Denis. I'm 30 years old and I was born in Lipetsk, a small city in Russia where nothing ever happens.
I graduated from Lipetsk State Technical University in 2014 and The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration. I have two qualifications: management and lawyer.

All my life I've worked for state-owned companies. I started my career as a purchasing agent, then I became purchase director and set up a lot of processes, and after that I became a public employee. As you can imagine, this work was extremely boring for me because of the bureaucratic red tape. I would come to work at 9:00 AM and left the office at 10:00 PM, and most of my time was spent writing useless reports and sending them to different government administrations. One day I stopped, looked around, and realized that I was wasting my life. I was wasting a lot of energy, but there were no outcomes of my work. As a result, I decided to change my life. I decided to change my career and learn JavaScript. You may ask me why I decided to choose the IT field and move in this direction. Frankly speaking, when I was a student, IT was my hobby. I started learning Delphi and Visual Basic, and I liked solving logic and math problems. However, I didn't go to university in this field because I was a bit lazy and I didn't like physics and unfortunately physic exam was necessary for it. But I've carried this hobby with me throughout my life. I'm trying to keep up with the times. I really like solving any unusual problems using my mind and new technologies.

So, I quit my job and started learning JavaScript. I researched a lot of resources where I could learn it. I saw a lot of positive feedbacks about RS School, so I signed up for stage 0 in this school. It wasn't easy at first, but I persevered. Then came stage 1, where I spent around 8-9 hours per day studying. It was a hard test, especially the last task - minesweeper. In just a few months I could get a job as a junior frontend developer. I'm really enjoying when I can learn some new methods and any other knowledge in JS and use it in practice. The last task I did was to create a game - minesweeper. It was a very rewarding experience, because at first I had no idea how to implement it. I started with the design and created the interface that I imagined in my mind using HTML and CSS. It was difficult for me because I don't have much imagination and poor design skills. Then started the most interesting part - bringing this interface to life. During this task I faced two difficulties. The first one was creating a function that could check neighboring cells and open them if they were empty. The hardest part of the task was creating a function that would allow the user to continue playing after refreshing the page. But I made it work. As a result, I got difficult code that is hard to read and hard to support because of my lack of experience and knowledge. I'm still learning, but I'm excited about the future. I believe that the IT field is the future, and I want to be a part of it. I'm confident that I can use my skills to make a difference in the world. 

Thank you for listening.
